Evan: Mariana,
this is Kendra Zahir.
Kendra is here to oversee
daily operations.
We need you to step down
as team leader of your app.
Marian Evan,
can I speak with you?
Busy at the moment,
but you can schedule
an appointment
with my assistant.
Let me know who you want
to make the acting team leader
of your app until we get
this all sorted out.
Raj: You want me
to be team leader?
‐What about Claire?
‐Mariana: I don't
trust her right now.
I wanted to think that
I could count on you and that
you would show up for me.
It was my dad's birthday,
Malika.
I know activism's
important to you,
but I just need to know
that when it counts
that we come first.
It's not a violation
of the restraining order
if you didn't know
he was there.
Jamie: It is
if she didn't leave.
Malika:
How much trouble
am I in?
You can be sentenced
up to a year in jail.
You wanna get drunk?
(playing drums)
‐Ahh!
‐Yeah!
Tell me somethin'
I don't know about you.
Davia:
Dennis told me you were
trying to work things out.
We actually just signed
the divorce papers.
Jeff: All these weeks
you've been telling me
that you want me to move
to LA, to be together.
And then you tell me that
you don't love me anymore?
You think that I'm proud
to tell people about
my son, the addict?
Man on phone: Mr. Wilson,
we regret to inform you
you son is deceased.
There's no sign
of foul play.
Wilson: Someone sold
the drugs to my son.
Jamie:
Wilson must be devastated.
Callie: He is.
And he's so angry.
With no proof of tampering,
legally I can't‐‐
Don't tell me about the law!
I'm a federal judge!
Callie: He just wants
someone to blame.
♪♪
(people murmuring)
Okay.
Incoming.
Hi.
Hors d'oeuvres?
No.
Lovely service.
Yes.
So tragic.
Very.
So where are you
working now?
I didn't pass the bar
so I'm working
as a research assistant
at Legal Aid.
I'm sure you'll pass
next time.
I passed.
But I'm hoping
to clerk another year
for Judge Wilson
when he gets confirmed
to the Appellate Court,
which he will,
in spite of the protest
your friend Malika
and Black Lives Matter
tried to pull off.
You mean the one
they did pull off,
that got national
news coverage?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪♪
Wilson: I need a favor.
There's a friend of Tate's
who I think knows
where he got the pills.
He'll never speak to me.
But he might
open up to you.
His name's Graham.
I'm gonna text you
his number. Okay?
Uh, you Callie?
‐Graham?
‐Yeah.
(cell phone chimes)
‐Judge Wilson?
‐(knocks on door)
Everything okay?
That kid had a lot of nerve
coming to Tate's funeral
and now he's here?
We don't know that he gave him
the drugs that killed him.
I know.
When Tate was in rehab,
he said that Graham
was his dealer.
What is that?
Security footage
from Tate's building.
I just got it.
If he's on it...
he's gonna be very sorry
he ever stepped foot
in my house.
♪ I'm sticking
with you, honey ♪
♪ You make
the whole world sunny ♪
♪ You got that
golden heart... ♪
Mmm. Hey.
♪ You've got that magic... ♪
Davia: Oh.
Hey. Sorry, um...
I just needed
to tell Dennis something.
But I'll catch him later.
Okay.
♪ Pa‐pa‐pa ♪
♪ Pa‐pa‐pa
pa‐pa ♪
♪ Pa‐pa‐pa,
pa‐pa‐pa pa‐pa ♪
♪ And then we'll find
our peace of mind ♪
♪ You and me, Bel Ami ♪
♪ Pa‐pa‐pa, pa‐pa ♪
Oh, thank God
you're here.
Can you set appointments
for these clients?
And I need you to forward
these intake applications
to the designated
practice areas.
Bad news. I just got word
that four tenants dropped
out of the lawsuit.
‐Why?
‐C. C. Hastings,
the development company,
is giving them cash vouchers
to voluntarily move
out of their homes.
If more tenants drop out,
we won't have enough
for the class action
to move forward.
So what do we do?
We need to call as many
of the tenants as we can
and get them to come
to a meeting here tonight.
Hi, my name's
Callie Adams Foster.
I'm with Public Legal Aid.
We're having a meeting
here tonight.
It's important that we have
as many people
as possible show up.
We're trying
to keep you in your homes.
(buzzing)
Uh, it's tonight
at 6:00.
Um, at 6 o'clock.
Tonight, at our offices.
Did you get through
those files I gave you?
I haven't. Yet.
Don't forget, your priority
is to do the job
you were hired for.
I need this by tomorrow.
(buzzes)
(school bell rings)
(students chattering)
Davia: Settle down.
Come on, the bell rang.
‐Guys, come on.
‐(thumps book)
Phones away,
books out.
(chattering continues)
Andre.
(louder);
Andre?
What you want, Ms. M?
‐Where's your book?
‐What book?
Kaffir Boy.
Whoa, Miss M!
Did y'all hear that?
She called me
the K word.
(students gasp)
I'm feeling
a little triggered.
Okay, Andre. If you choose
not to participate,
can you at least not disrupt
the class while I'm teaching?
All right. So, for those
of you who did the reading,
what is one of
the main conflicts
in the book so far?
Um, how about the conflict
between Mark's parents?
His mother thinks that
an education is Mark's ticket
to a better life,
while his father feels that
an education is worthless
for a black man
during Apartheid.
Any thoughts on that?
And of course,
the school is evaluating me
on my track three class.
What's a track three class?
Where they stick
the low‐income and POC kids.
It's based off of academic
performance and ability.
Tracking kids
doesn't improve learning,
it only increase inequity.
And technically
it's unconstitutional.
Okay, look, they gave me
five weeks of teacher training
before I went
into a classroom.
I am trying my hardest,
but unlike my honor students,
who show up every day,
eager to learn,
my track three class
just doesn't do
their homework
and they don't
pay attention.
I try, but it's like
they just don't care.
I mean,
if you're treated
as intellectually less than
from day one,
why would you
believe in yourself?
Or bother trying?
Mariana: Even at MIT,
some of my teachers
definitely assumed
that the white women
in my classes
were smarter than me.
‐Always.
‐Davia: Well,
I don't underestimate
my kids.
I even took your advice
and found a book
that they could relate to.
(students laughing)
I think the real conflict
with this book
is that no one wants
to read it.
What Kaffir Boy needs
is a little bit of this...
‐(rap music playing)
‐Uhh! Ooh! Eh!
Ooh!
Okay, um,
good morning,
or a‐afternoon.
Morning. Good morning.
Um, so, as you all know,
this is just
a temporary situation.
(message tone beeps)
Uh, in the meantime,
there is a server side issue
affecting our
backward compatibility.
‐Claire/Gina: We know.
‐I'm on it.
(message tone beeps)
I actually thought
I'd put Gina on it.
‐Why?
‐Hmm?
‐Uh, why?
‐(message tone beeps)
Um...
Because you're better at‐‐
not better at‐‐
you're so good
at client side changes.
How do you know?
We've never worked together.
I... do my research.
‐(message tone beeps)
‐You know what, let me mute
these text alerts.
Then how will you know
when Mariana's texting you?
(message tone beeping)
So...
you put your boyfriend
in charge of your app?
Well, because he was
on the team before Claire.
And not because
you can micromanage him?
(cell phone buzzing)
I'm not
micromanaging him.
Do you really think
that Claire is ready
to be a team leader?
Were you?
I mean, you won't know
if you don't give her a chance.
Isn't that what Fight Club
is all about?
Lifting each other up?
Would you trust
the launch of your app
to someone you were
giving a chance to
or give it to someone
you knew could deliver?
I don't know.
But I'm not so sure
alienating the only allies you
have in here is a wise move.
(sighs)
(indistinct conversation)
Good morning.
Good morning, Mariana.
Chisa:
Uh! Uh! Uhh!
Ohh!
Bye.
(laughing)
There it is.
Good job today!
So, my kids hate me.
No, they don't.
Yeah?
Well, they certainly
don't respect me.
I thought they'd be
into this new book,
but they're just
as disengaged as ever.
How do you do it?
You just started doing this.
Give it a couple years.
I might not have
that option.
Look, sometimes
you gotta get creative.
I have kids who couldn't
care less about math,
but love football.
So we talk yards per carry,
passer ratings,
why Tom Brady's
the best QB in the game‐‐
You mean
Aaron Rodgers.
And suddenly they're doing
statistics and probability.
Feel free to run
any ideas by me.
I will.
Thank you.
♪ The things you say ♪
♪ When you say you love me ♪
♪ No one else above me... ♪
(buzzes)
Uh... you Callie?
‐Graham?
‐Yeah.
Sorry I'm late.
Do you mind if I get
a coffee real quick?
Sure.
Okay.
Joseph:
Up to a year in jail?
Malika: That's kind of
the worst‐case scenario.
But Judge Wilson does have
a big influence,
so... I'm sure he could make
the worst case happen
if he wants to.
Can your friend...
‐Callie.
‐Can she talk to him?
She already tried.
It's just so hard
to be sidelined.
I feel like the work is
what gave my life purpose.
Your life can't just be
about the fight.
I know. I know.
I know.
I told you I didn't regret
the sacrifices I made
for the movement, but...
I was lying
to myself.
Look at you and Dom,
and all the years
I missed out
on being your dad.
Your mama told me,
I was out there fighting
against the destruction
of black families
and couldn't see...
I was destroying
my own.
Your mother...
I loved her.
She made me
a better man,
a better activist.
My family...
you were my peace...
and you should have been
my main purpose.
So what's happening
with your young man?
(chuckles)
Uh...
I messed that up.
I let him down.
So... fix it.
Just show up for him
the way he shows up for you.
(distant siren wailing)
I just can't believe
he's gone, you know.
When was the last time
you saw him?
It's been a while.
I've been trying
not to party.
Just... stay focused
on school.
And did you know that Tate
was working on his sobriety?
‐Yeah.
‐But he was still partying?
Yeah. And I called him out
on it, and he just got
pissed at me.
So you have no idea
who gave him the drugs
that killed him?
No.
No clue.
So, you were
a friend of Tate's?
Not really.
His father asked me
to talk to some of his friends.
He just wants to know more
about his son and what happened.
‐Why?
‐Don't you think he deserves
to know how his son died?
Nothing he finds out
is gonna bring Tate back.
I gotta go.
(cell phone buzzes)
Raj:
You're doing it again.
‐Mariana: What?
‐Raj: Micro‐managing.
They know you're texting me
every five seconds,
and I feel like an idiot.
Alex and Sam are right,
I have no balls.
Why are balls always
the measure of a man's strength
when we know it's
the weakest part your body?
Also, the ugliest.
No offense.
None taken.
Look, I want
to support you.
But this is
very unprofessional.
Fair or not, you got
taken off your app,
and you've just
gotta suck it up
and let people
do their jobs.
Including me.
And by the way,
everyone knows that
we meet in here.
So, time to find
a new place.
How was your day?
Shitty.
Yours?
Same old, same old.
Except you haven't had
a hangover in a while?
(chopping loudly)
‐Hey.
(moaning softly)
Okay.
Take it easy
with that knife.
♪♪
Do you have a minute?
You can't be drinking
with Dennis.
Why?
Because he's...
just...
really fragile and‐‐
‐You just can't.
‐(chuckles) Okay.
Dennis is a grown‐ass man.
He can do what he wants.
Dennis was just released
from a psychiatric hospital
because his son died
two years ago.
And his divorce
was just finalized.
‐I didn't know.
‐No one does.
That's why he hasn't been
hanging out much lately.
He's depressed
and spiraling.
And adding alcohol to that
isn't gonna help.
Okay. I'm sorry.
Yeah. He also uses sex
to numb the pain, so...
We didn't have sex, Davia.
No, I... I know that.
I was just...
speaking in general.
You have to promise
to keep this between us?
Yeah. I‐I got you.
Okay.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(people chattering)
Man: Sounds like
a good deal to me.
Guys, it's just
a temporary phase.
You can't take
those payments.
Man:
We don't wanna move out,
but they're giving us
a lot of money.
‐We got kids and bills to pay.
‐But they're low‐balling you.
What they're offering
is less than what you deserve.
It's still something.
What if we lose the lawsuit?
Then we get evicted
with nothing.
At least if we take
the vouchers,
it can help us move
into a new place.
I know it sounds like
a lot of money, guys.
But think about
the moving expenses,
security deposits,
utilities,
and the higher rents
you're gonna have to pay.
And we gonna have to put
our kids in new schools
so they can build
their luxury apartments
and shopping malls?
Shopping malls create jobs.
Minimum wage jobs
that you'll end up having
to travel miles to get to,
'cause you can't afford
to live near where you work.
You'll be priced
out of the neighborhoods
that you made thrive.
Neighborhoods that they
didn't want to live in
until you made them beautiful.
And now that the economy
is booming for the one percent,
they want to take your homes
and push you out.
Look, I'm not telling you
anything you don't already know.
And we can't write you a check,
but we can fight for you.
But our power lies in numbers.
We need more than a few of you.
We need all of you.
(tenants chattering)
Mariana:
Thank you guys
for coming.
Gina: Yeah.
It better be worth it.
I had to bail on a date
with the cutest
Pikachu cosplayer in L. A.
(coughs) Sounds like
Mariana did you a favor.
So, why are we even having
these meetings anymore?
Because I screwed up.
I shouldn't have made Raj
the interim Green Team leader.
The point is, you chose
to put a man in charge.
He's not a man,
he's my boyfriend.
I mean,
of‐of course he's a man.
He's not a douchebag.
And I chose him because
I couldn't give up control.
But the message
that sent
is that even we trust men
over women
as team leaders.
I know, and that's why
I'm apologizing.
But I worked my ass off
to create that app,
and I just‐‐ I felt like
Claire took over
without any consideration
‐to my ownership‐‐
‐Someone had to step up.
Yeah, but my loss shouldn't be
seized upon as your gain.
Not when the whole point of this
is to have each other's backs.
All I wanted was
an opportunity to prove myself
because who knows if
I'll ever get another chance
to be a team leader.
Casey:
But if we operate
as if there's only
one seat at the table
for women,
then we're just gonna
end up competing
rather than collaborating
with each other.
Rachel: We all deserve
a seat at the table.
Maybe they can deny
one woman,
but they can't deny
all of us.
If we stick together.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean
to make you feel like
I was taking over
your app.
And I'm sorry
that I didn't trust
that you could
pull off the launch.
I want you to be
Team Leader.
And I promise
I will try my best
to only text you
20 or 30 times a day.
(laughs)
Only?
Okay. Good.
I'll just turn
my ringer off, then.
(indistinct chatter)
‐Appreciate it.
‐Yeah.
We got three tenants
to reconsider
and two more signed on.
So, we're at
15 plaintiffs.
Oh, looks like
we're back in business.
Yeah.
Hey.
Nice speech tonight.
It was, uh, heartfelt
and persuasive.
You better be careful, Marcus,
or I might steal her away.
‐Talk soon.
‐Yeah.
Where did you
run off to earlier?
I had a personal matter.
This case is important.
If we lose...
many of those clients
could wind up homeless.
Pretty speeches are great.
But I need to know
I can count on you.
You can.
Absolutely.
Teresa:
Are my files ready?
Is that all?
Mariana:
So I heard you before,
and you're right.
I'm going to let go
and I'm gonna make Claire
the team leader.
Which means
we can suffer together again
on the Blue Team,
just like old times.
But now we can take "breaks"
in the supply closet.
No.
Well, the roof is,
like, pretty exposed.
No!
I mean, you're not
firing me off your app
for the second time!
I'm not having
everyone thinking
once again that
I couldn't cut it.
I'm fine working
under Claire,
but I am staying
on the app.
That's so hot.
(clattering)
Is your back okay?
(school bell rings)
("Wild Mann"
by Cy Dune playing)
Good afternoon.
(exhales deeply)
What the hell was that?
So, that was a dance
created by miners
who were forced to work
in brutal conditions
during Apartheid
in South Africa.
Minors like kids?
No. Miners like,
men who worked in mines.
Mining gold.
These miners were separated
from their families,
forced to work
in the dark,
chained to their stations,
and weren't allowed to speak,
so they came up
with this dance
as a way to communicate
with each other.
‐That's dope.
‐Yeah.
I thought by learning
about this dance,
we could learn about
what was going on
during the time
of Kaffir Boy.
These miners came up
with this dance
in the face
of oppression.
As a form of protest
and expression.
Not unlike rap
and hip‐hop
and other artistic
forms of protest
in our country today.
‐And this is where
stepping came from.
‐(students laugh)
(chattering)
Let's see it again.
(stomping boots)
(tapping)
(students clapping)
It's not him.
(buzzes)
I'm sorry.
I know you're mad at me.
I'm not mad at you.
You're not?
No.
But I exposed
the pay gap
and I told you
to reach out to Amanda.
I'm the reason that
they brought Kendra in.
No. It's my fault.
It's my company,
and I knew there were issues
and I didn't do
anything about them.
I'm not even mad
at Amanda.
Though I don't think I'll be
asking her for a second date.
That was a joke.
‐Good one.
‐Hmm.
See, you do have
a sense of humor.
Thank you.
Oh, but if you're not mad
at me, then why were you‐‐
Pretending to be?
I have a plan,
to take back control
of the company.
But I have to make
the board believe
that I'm on their side,
complying with all
of the changes
that they want to make.
Like closing
the pay gap?
I mean, are they serious
about that?
Only if they can slash jobs
to pay for it.
But I don't want
to do that.
And I won't have to
if they lose faith
in Kendra.
Then once she's out,
I can get rid of the board
and start over,
you know.
Do everything we want
to do to fix things here.
Okay, but how
do we do that?
I need your app
to fail.
My app?
Kendra has convinced the board
that the ACT‐ivism app
will solve
our PR problems.
If it fails, she fails.
I get the company back.
Can I think about it?
Of course, yes.
Do you know
who that is?
If this kid is selling pills
pressed with fentanyl,
other people are gonna die.
You want that
on your conscience?
Uh... h‐his name is Chase.
He was in rehab with Tate.
I‐I only met him once.
‐What's his last name?
‐Uh, I don't know.
But I could probably
find out for you.
‐(knock at door)
‐Allison: Dad.
Um, the Pearsons
are leaving.
They wanted
to say goodbye.
I'll be right down.
(cell phone buzzes)
Okay.
Yeah, I'll be in the office
this afternoon.
Hey.
‐Who was that?
‐Marcus.
‐Everything okay?
‐No.
Apparently,
the development company
we're trying to sue
is owned by
a Chinese company
which jeopardizes
our case‐‐
Because to be sued
in California,
the California court has
to have adequate jurisdiction.
The whole class action
could be dead in the water.
Not if they have deep enough
contacts here to pursue.
I can do some digging.
What's the name
of the company?
Anwei International?
I'll be right back.
Your honor,
where are you going?
I know
where he lives.
Who?
The dealer
who killed my son.
‐I'm coming with you.
‐(engine starts)
(engine revving)
(students chattering)
What up,
Gumboot Becky!
You wanna get drunk?
Uh, I‐I can't.
I have plans.
Well...
Another time.
Dennis?
You shouldn't drink alone.
(banging on door)
(cell phone buzzes)
(dogs barking in distance)
(banging continues)
I don't think
he's here.
We should take
his name to the police,
let them handle it‐‐
They're not gonna
do anything.
You think they care about
rich kids who OD on drugs?
Hey, Chase!
Chase Carter!
Okay, but what're
you gonna do?
'Cause right now you're angry.
And with good reason.
But yelling at this kid is
not going to bring Tate back.
And it's not going
to make anything better.
Chase?
You Chase?
Hey, what's going on?
‐Oh, whoa, whoa!
‐You killed my son!
‐I don't know what
you're talking about!
‐Tate Wilson.
You gave him some pills
laced with fentanyl.
‐I didn't give him anything.
‐Sir.
Bullshit!
I know it was you.
No, it wasn't me.
He bought that stuff online.
I‐I swear.
I swear to God.
I told him not to trust it,
but he'd already taken it
when I got there.
You left him?
You knew he'd taken something
and you didn't stay.
‐Your Honor.
‐You didn't wait around
to see if he'd
stopped breathing
or called somebody
for help?
You might as well
have killed him!
You Honor,
please get off‐‐
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Go.
I failed him.
I failed my son.
(inaudible)
It's my fault.
I made him hate me.
(crying)
He's gone.
(inaudible)
(continues crying)
Hi.
Hey.
‐(door closes)
‐So, uh, what's up?
Come with me.
(people chattering)
‐Man: Hey!
‐Woman: Hey!
Man 2:
Hey! What's up, big dog?
(laughter and chatter)
What's going on?
I invited your family
over for dinner
hoping that they would
give me another chance.
And...
hoping that you will too?
Girl: Ooh!
Joy: He better.
or he's not getting any
of my mac and cheese.
All: Oh!
(happy chatter)
He believed in Santa Claus
until he was 13.
That's only because she was
sending Dad up to the roof
to make reindeer noises.
Uh... what are
reindeer noises?
‐Hoof sounds.
‐Woman: Uh‐huh. Okay.
It's true. We'd make,
uh, soot marks
by the fireplace.
‐That's sweet.
‐Caleb: And he believed
in the tooth fairy for like
a hella long time.
Y'all better relax because I
have stories about y'all too.
‐Oh!
‐What you got?
After all this,
I need more wine.
(overlapping chatter)
(laughter)
So, sis, what's, uh, happening
with this arrest?
I don't really know yet.
I read about violating
restraining orders.
Is it true you might
have to do
some jail time?
‐It's a possibility.
‐Jail time? What you mean?
You didn't say nothin'
about that.
Right, 'cause
we're not doing that
right now.
(overlapping chatter)
Not today, guys.
Not today!
Today we're living
in the moment.
It is what it is.
Ooh, yes!
This is my song!
Let's get up on our feet
and dance, y'all.
Oh yeah! Everybody.
("Truth Tea" playing
over speakers)
Whoo!
I just hope our dad
isn't filling her head
with more ideas.
Just because
he's been to prison
and he's proud of it.
Look, Dom, I know it's none
of my business, but...
I don't think
he's about that.
(song continues)
Come on.
♪ Sip on this truth tea ♪
♪ You say you're sorry ♪
♪ But I'm better without ♪
You wanted
to see me?
Did you tell Malika
about Jacob?
Dennis: You gave me your word
that you wouldn't tell anyone.
But I‐I don't know why
I would believe you.
Y‐y‐you lie
about everything.
I should never
have trusted you.
What are you talking about?
When have I ever lied to you?
Jeff?
I know you didn't
break up with him
and you told me you did.
Okay, so what?
Why do you care so much
about when I broke up
with him?
I don't.
I‐I, uh...
‐I don't care.
‐You know, talk about lying,
your whole life is a lie!
You lie to everyone
who cares about you
by hiding in your pain.
Making everyone believe that
you're just some sort of loser
who dropped out of life
for no reason.
Just leave me alone.
‐No.
‐Just...
‐...leave me alone!
‐No!
‐I want to be alone!
‐No.
‐Bullshit!
If you wanted to be alone,
you wouldn't have moved
into the Coterie.
You need people.
What if you try
to hurt yourself?
What if you succeed?
I can't keep enabling you
by keeping your secret.
Making excuses
to everyone
while you just isolate
yourself in here,
doing whatever you're hiding
behind that.
What are you hiding?
No! Don't!
(sobbing)
How can you keep
all of this pain inside?
You need help.
If you really want
to honor Jacob's memory,
honor your own life.
Wilson: I'm sorry
about what I did today.
Well, what you did
out of grief and anger
and wanting someone
to be held accountable
for your loss
is understandable.
That's what Malika
was doing when she came
into your chambers.
It's what Jamal's mother
wants for her son.
And it's why
Black Lives Matter
is protesting
your appointment.
And I suppose
you concur.
The conservative courts
in this country have become
completely partisan.
They unapologetically protect
the agenda
of the powerful
and the privileged
and the religious right.
They want to overturn
Roe v. Wade.
Ignoring the wishes of
the majority of people who...
support a woman's
right to choose.
So, if you're not going
to respect settled law
and equal protection
for all,
then, yes...
I concur.
I'm sorry,
now is not the time.
I appreciate
your candor.
The last thing I'll say:
I swear on my life
that Malika did not know
that they were protesting you.
And she didn't leave
because the people
who are fighting
for Black lives, for her life,
were counting on her.
And I think that's something
you can respect.
Your tenacity...
will take you far,
Callie Adams Foster.
I am truly sorry
for your loss, Your Honor.
♪ And you look so far away ♪
♪ Away, away, away we go ♪
♪ Away, away, away,
away, away... ♪
Isaac: You really
showed up for me tonight.
I appreciate that.
Well, I wanted you to know
that the movement
is not
my primary partner.
You are.
And...
I want you to know...
that I love you.
♪ Can you show me how
'cause I don't know the game ♪
♪ I got a million doubts ♪
♪ Burning up my shoulder ♪
♪ I wanna make it happen
every single day ♪
♪ Unless you wanna stay away ♪
You coming?
(song continues)
Are you sure
you're okay?
I will be.
How are you?
You okay?
Yeah.
Talk to me.
Nah, just...
Later. At home.
Mm. Just, now, please.
I can't take
any more suspense.
The company that owns
the development group
you're suing?
Anwei International?
I represent them.
♪♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org